Privacy Policy
When you use Swaperty's services, you trust us to securely handle and store your information. We understand this as a major responsibility and strive to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy below explains how our organisation uses the personal data we collect from you (the user) when you use our web app.

What data do we collect?
The user’s Personal Information (Name, Phone number, Mailing address, Email address, Username, Password)
Information to verify the user (Bank statement, Utility bill)
User feedback (satisfaction, ratings, opinions)
Information about the property the user is listing (Location, photos, available dates, amenities, description, preferred visitor type (e.g student, worker etc))
A user’s currently active and previous swaps.
User location information
Marketing Preferences
How do we collect your data?
Personal information, user verification documents and marketing preferences are collected when a user creates an account.
Feedback via a voluntary customer survey or arising from queries submitted via the ‘Contact Us’ page forum.
Property information will be submitted by the user after account creation.
Location of users by GPS (Approximate Country, County, Postcode).
A user’s active and previous swaps will be obtained via their approval of a swap.
How will we use your data?
Personal information to deliver our services (e.g account management) /communications (including marketing with the relevant permissions) to the user, provide all swappers with basic details such as the user’s name, visitor type and provide confirmed swappers with further details such as their contact details enabling them both to communicate.
Verification documents will enable us to certify the user's personal information before allowing them to send/receive swap requests for the safety of all users as well as: fraud prevention and customer service security.
Any illegal activities that arise from a user’s use of Swaperty’s services may require us to share information with the relevant authorities. 
User feedback to develop our existing services and future services.
Location of users by GPS (Country, State, Postcode) to provide a convenient environment to users i.e search by distance.
A user’s active swap information will prevent more than one swap at any one time (as this is not permitted).
A user’s previous swap information will be stored for future reference and convenience to request that property again.
All users’ information will be utilised to ensure our services work as intended.
How do we store your data?
Swaperty will store user data in our database and may also cache data in their browser (i.e cookies).
We strive to ensure database access is permitted only to authorised parties.
Sensitive information e.g. passwords will be stored following industry practices
User data is saved in the database by classifying according to purpose and sort.
Users can close their accounts resulting in the deletion of their data at any time via our support team.
Users whose most recent login is more than one year will become dormant and their data will be deleted one year following this.
Marketing
Our company can send email(s) for advertising new services.
Dormant user’s may receive notification of their account closure and request they use our services again.
What are your data protection rights?
Our Company (Swaperty) would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data. 
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Our Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. Additionally, you have the right to request Our Company to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Our Company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Our Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Our Company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our web app, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology. For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Use essential cookies to enable the basic operation of our web app.
Use operation cookies to make our web app operate per user preferences.
Use performance cookies to optimate our web app by providing interaction between user and web.
Except for the above cookies, we do not use any cookies.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our web app features may not function as a result.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, you can call the customer service telephone number or email us at any time, and we will actively investigate, deal with and reply as soon as possible. Please feel free to contact us
Email: admin@swaperty.com 
Swaperty HQ, School of Computer Science, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, United Kingdom.
